ceph: add opa config options to ObjectStoreSpec (#8731)
rook/rook: Documentation/ceph-object-store-crd.md

* TLS authentication with custom certs between Vault and RGW are yet to be supported.

Here example for OPA config:
```yaml

>   opa:

Reviewer: Let's avoid non-obvious acronyms in the CR property names
```suggestion
  openPolicyAgent:
```

    url: opa.rook-ceph:8181/v1/data/ceph/authz/allow
    token: eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9
    verifySSL: true
```

> The config options include url, token for the OPA service. The TLS certs can be passed with help `caBundleRef`. For more details w.r.t RGW, please refer [Ceph OPA documentation](https://docs.ceph.com/en/latest/radosgw/opa/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The config options include url, token for the OPA service. The TLS certs can be passed with help `caBundleRef`. For more details, please refer to the [Ceph OPA documentation](https://docs.ceph.com/en/latest/radosgw/opa/).
```
